Music Cues
1. "Here Is Aaron Copland's Outdoor Overture.":
Outdoor Overture -- Complete.
2. About ten piano illustrations, all bits.
3. "...and see if this little piece doesn't completely satisfy
that emotion you're feeling.":
Statements:	No. 3, "Dogmatic"
4. Two piano bits.
5. "...only he's modernized the rhythms from a waltz to 5/8 time, so that it comes out like this":
Music for the Theater: No. 2, "Dance" - Reh. No.25 to No. 26
SKIPPED
6. One piano example.
7.	"...kind of like Coney Island music, or clown music; and I
hope you find it as much fun as we do":
Music for the Theater: No. 2, "Dance" - Complete movement-
8.	"...he has painted it best of all, because it seems so real,
so quiet, and so deeply felt":
Music for Movies: No. 4., "Grovers Corners (Our Town)"--
Complete mvt.
9. "We don't have any callers here...but we sure do have fiddlers: Wait 'til you hear them":
Rodeo:	"Hoedown" - Complete mvt.
10.	"The names of these two songs are: Simple Gifts and I Bought Me a Cat. Here is William Warfield":
Old American Songs, Set I:	1.	"Boatmen's Dance"
2. "I Bought Me a Cat*"
SKIPPED
11.	3 piano bits..
12. "Happy birthday, Aaron Copland":
El Salon Mexico -- conducted by Copland.
Off the air:
13. Warfield and Copland doing: Old American Songs:
Simple Gifts
1. (Set I)
2. At the River (Set II)
3.Ching-a-Ring-Chaw (Set II)